docs: Guide to add new mkosi images for new OS support in sev-certify. (#235)
AMDEPYC/sev-certify: docs/how-to-add-new-os-images.md

  - Launch the built guest image on SEV-enabled host following the instructions in this [guide](https://github.com/AMDEPYC/sev-certify/blob/main/docs/how-to-run-guest-manually.md).

To test the host image, you should:
  - **Fetch the built host image** either by downloading the new host OS image `host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release>` under `devel` tag of your forked repository (or) use the locally built host OS image `images/guest-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release>/guest-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release>.efi` on the system.
  - Boot the built host image on your SNP-enabled test server using HTTPboot/dispatch process to test the newly built host OS image on bare metal and generate new OS certificate under your forked `sev-certify` issues using this [guide](https://github.com/AMDEPYC/sev-certify/blob/main/docs/how-to-generate-certs.md#forking-amdepycsev-certify-for-certification-testing). Host image will automatically reboot when done.

> - <u>**Submit a Pull Request for the New OS:**</u> Once all tests are passed, create a pull request to integrate your new OS support into the `sev-certify` upstream.

Reviewer: In your preview this bullets seem to be messed up. It looks like submit a pull request... is a sub-bullet of to test the host image.

    Ensure that the mkosi tool compatible with the `sev-certify` project is installed on your system. `mkosi` installation instructions are available [here](#install-mkosi-on-your-system)

    Then, build new host/guest OS images using `mkosi` in `sev-certify` directory:

    ```
    mkosi --image-id=host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release> \
    -C images/host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release> build
    ```
    Host image, host Kernel, host boot ramfs are generated in the `host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release>` directory.

    ```
    mkosi --image-id=host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release> \
    -C images/host-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release> build
    ```
    Guest image, guest Kernel, guest boot ramfs are generated in the `guest-<new-os-name>-<new-os-release>` directory.

    Ubuntu users encountering AppArmor-related permission errors with mkosi should refer to this [exception](#exceptions).

  - **Option 2: Build through workflows** Preferred for the users who plan to build their new host/guest OS images <u>within their forked `sev-certify` GH repository</u> after pushing their new mkosi templates.

>     To initiate the image build process, it is essential that your changes are pushed to your forked `sev-certify` repository. When changes are committed to the main branch, `build-and-release.yml` GitHub the workflow will automatically trigger. If you push your changes into a non-main branch, you should trigger `build-and-release.yml` GitHub workflow manually on that branch in your forked `sev-certify` github repository to create the new OS host and guest images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Pushing commits to the main branch of your forked repository will automatically build all guest and host images and publish them as assets under the `devel` release. To build images for a non‑main branch, you must manually trigger the workflow. Go to your repository’s Actions tab, select the `build-and-release` workflow, and use `Run workflow` to start the build. Check the `Replace existing development assets` box.
```
Might want to add this info about the "Run Workflow" drop-down, so they know to check the box. I think it's unchecked by default.
